usage: realtime_demo_category.exe outer_size fps
1944
2592
progress  0:0
camera capture:703ms
desk_area extract:0ms
capture:703ms
recognition コピー:187ms
recognition グレイイメージ:16ms
recognition 2値化:47ms
recognition Contours:31ms
recognition 位置マーカ探索:266ms
位置マーカ数:20
recognition 付箋領域抽出:15ms
recognition:562ms
id recognition:0ms
add_information:16ms
all :1281ms
progress  0:1
camera capture:156ms
desk_area extract:0ms
capture:156ms
recognition コピー:188ms
recognition グレイイメージ:0ms
recognition 2値化:47ms
recognition Contours:15ms
recognition 位置マーカ探索:47ms
位置マーカ数:3
recognition 付箋領域抽出:31ms
recognition:328ms
id recognition:0ms
add_information:32ms
all :516ms
progress  0:2
camera capture:359ms
desk_area extract:0ms
capture:359ms
recognition コピー:187ms
recognition グレイイメージ:0ms
recognition 2値化:47ms
recognition Contours:16ms
recognition 位置マーカ探索:31ms
位置マーカ数:2
recognition 付箋領域抽出:16ms
recognition:297ms
id recognition:0ms
add_information:15ms
all :671ms
progress  0:3
camera capture:422ms
desk_area extract:0ms
capture:422ms
recognition コピー:188ms
recognition グレイイメージ:0ms
recognition 2値化:47ms
recognition Contours:15ms
recognition 位置マーカ探索:32ms
位置マーカ数:10
recognition 付箋領域抽出:15ms
recognition:297ms
id recognition:0ms
add_information:31ms
all :750ms
progress  0:4
camera capture:407ms
desk_area extract:0ms
capture:407ms
recognition コピー:172ms
recognition グレイイメージ:0ms
recognition 2値化:46ms
recognition Contours:16ms
recognition 位置マーカ探索:63ms
位置マーカ数:4
recognition 付箋領域抽出:15ms
recognition:312ms
id recognition:0ms
add_information:31ms
all :750ms
progress  0:5
camera capture:407ms
desk_area extract:0ms
capture:407ms
recognition コピー:172ms
recognition グレイイメージ:0ms
recognition 2値化:46ms
recognition Contours:16ms
recognition 位置マーカ探索:31ms
位置マーカ数:12
recognition 付箋領域抽出:16ms
recognition:281ms
id recognition:0ms
add_information:31ms
all :719ms
progress  0:6
camera capture:422ms
desk_area extract:0ms
capture:422ms
recognition コピー:188ms
recognition グレイイメージ:0ms
recognition 2値化:46ms
recognition Contours:16ms
recognition 位置マーカ探索:31ms
位置マーカ数:10
recognition 付箋領域抽出:16ms
recognition:297ms
id recognition:0ms
add_information:31ms
all :750ms
progress  0:7
camera capture:406ms
desk_area extract:0ms
capture:406ms
recognition コピー:204ms
recognition グレイイメージ:0ms
recognition 2値化:78ms
recognition Contours:15ms
recognition 位置マーカ探索:32ms
位置マーカ数:13
recognition 付箋領域抽出:15ms
recognition:344ms
id recognition:0ms
add_information:31ms
all :781ms
progress  0:8
camera capture:344ms
desk_area extract:0ms
capture:344ms
recognition コピー:188ms
recognition グレイイメージ:0ms
recognition 2値化:78ms
recognition Contours:15ms
recognition 位置マーカ探索:63ms
位置マーカ数:11
recognition 付箋領域抽出:31ms
recognition:375ms
id recognition:0ms
add_information:31ms
all :750ms
progress  0:9
camera capture:329ms
desk_area extract:0ms
capture:329ms
recognition コピー:187ms
recognition グレイイメージ:0ms
recognition 2値化:47ms
recognition Contours:16ms
recognition 位置マーカ探索:31ms
位置マーカ数:10
recognition 付箋領域抽出:15ms
recognition:296ms
id recognition:0ms
add_information:32ms
all :657ms
progress  0:10
