usage: realtime_demo_category.exe outer_size fps
1944
2592
progress  0:0
camera capture:641ms
desk_area extract:0ms
capture:641ms
recognition コピー:265ms
recognition グレイイメージ:16ms
recognition 2値化:78ms
recognition Contours:47ms
recognition 位置マーカ探索:172ms
位置マーカ数:27
recognition 付箋領域抽出:15ms
recognition:593ms
id recognition:0ms
add_information:16ms
all :1250ms
progress  0:1
camera capture:109ms
desk_area extract:0ms
capture:109ms
recognition コピー:266ms
recognition グレイイメージ:0ms
recognition 2値化:78ms
recognition Contours:16ms
recognition 位置マーカ探索:47ms
位置マーカ数:16
recognition 付箋領域抽出:31ms
recognition:438ms
id recognition:0ms
add_information:31ms
all :578ms
progress  0:2
camera capture:250ms
desk_area extract:0ms
capture:250ms
recognition コピー:266ms
recognition グレイイメージ:0ms
recognition 2値化:78ms
recognition Contours:15ms
recognition 位置マーカ探索:32ms
位置マーカ数:16
recognition 付箋領域抽出:31ms
recognition:422ms
id recognition:0ms
add_information:16ms
all :688ms
progress  0:3
camera capture:312ms
desk_area extract:0ms
capture:312ms
recognition コピー:266ms
recognition グレイイメージ:0ms
recognition 2値化:78ms
recognition Contours:15ms
recognition 位置マーカ探索:32ms
位置マーカ数:16
recognition 付箋領域抽出:31ms
recognition:422ms
id recognition:0ms
add_information:16ms
all :750ms
progress  0:4
camera capture:296ms
desk_area extract:0ms
capture:296ms
recognition コピー:266ms
recognition グレイイメージ:0ms
recognition 2値化:94ms
recognition Contours:15ms
recognition 位置マーカ探索:16ms
位置マーカ数:14
recognition 付箋領域抽出:31ms
recognition:422ms
id recognition:0ms
add_information:32ms
all :750ms
progress  0:5
camera capture:281ms
desk_area extract:0ms
capture:281ms
recognition コピー:265ms
recognition グレイイメージ:0ms
recognition 2値化:79ms
recognition Contours:15ms
recognition 位置マーカ探索:31ms
位置マーカ数:14
recognition 付箋領域抽出:32ms
recognition:422ms
id recognition:0ms
add_information:15ms
all :718ms
progress  0:6
camera capture:297ms
desk_area extract:0ms
capture:297ms
recognition コピー:266ms
recognition グレイイメージ:0ms
recognition 2値化:78ms
recognition Contours:16ms
recognition 位置マーカ探索:15ms
位置マーカ数:17
recognition 付箋領域抽出:31ms
recognition:406ms
id recognition:0ms
add_information:16ms
all :719ms
progress  0:7
camera capture:313ms
desk_area extract:0ms
capture:313ms
recognition コピー:250ms
recognition グレイイメージ:0ms
recognition 2値化:78ms
recognition Contours:15ms
recognition 位置マーカ探索:47ms
位置マーカ数:20
recognition 付箋領域抽出:31ms
recognition:421ms
id recognition:0ms
add_information:16ms
all :750ms
progress  0:8
camera capture:281ms
desk_area extract:0ms
capture:281ms
recognition コピー:250ms
recognition グレイイメージ:0ms
recognition 2値化:78ms
recognition Contours:16ms
recognition 位置マーカ探索:31ms
位置マーカ数:14
recognition 付箋領域抽出:32ms
recognition:407ms
id recognition:0ms
add_information:31ms
all :719ms
progress  0:9
camera capture:312ms
desk_area extract:0ms
capture:312ms
recognition コピー:235ms
recognition グレイイメージ:0ms
recognition 2値化:62ms
recognition Contours:16ms
recognition 位置マーカ探索:47ms
位置マーカ数:15
recognition 付箋領域抽出:31ms
recognition:391ms
id recognition:0ms
add_information:31ms
all :734ms
progress  0:10
