usage: realtime_demo_category_mp.exe outer_size fps
1944
2592
progress  0:0
camera capture:640ms
desk_area extract:0ms
capture:640ms
recognition コピー:16ms
recognition グレイイメージ:0ms
recognition 2値化:47ms
recognition Contours:31ms
recognition 位置マーカ探索:312ms
位置マーカ数:253
recognition 付箋領域抽出:32ms
recognition:438ms
id recognition:31ms
add_information:16ms
all :1125ms
progress  0:1
camera capture:265ms
desk_area extract:0ms
capture:265ms
recognition コピー:16ms
recognition グレイイメージ:0ms
recognition 2値化:94ms
recognition Contours:15ms
recognition 位置マーカ探索:281ms
位置マーカ数:252
recognition 付箋領域抽出:47ms
recognition:453ms
id recognition:16ms
add_information:31ms
all :765ms
progress  0:2
camera capture:250ms
desk_area extract:0ms
capture:250ms
recognition コピー:0ms
recognition グレイイメージ:0ms
recognition 2値化:63ms
recognition Contours:15ms
